#### 3D Color Wave: Summer 2015-2016 

This project was inspired from two sources: a folded newspaper art piece at a friend's house and a whole box of old National Geographic magazines.  At first, I thought it would be interesting to only have colors, and change the direction of the folded paper in some sort of pattern.  However, I started thinking about a light prism, the contrast between light and dark, what goes in and what comes out.  White light is made up of all the wavelengths of light, as seen on the left side of the piece.  With paint however, you get black (or at least close to it), by combining almost the same colors.  Thus, in reality light and dark aren't that far apart from each other - they may be at opposite ends of the spectrum, but they are connected by the same fundamental building blocks that we know as colors.

The actual construction of this piece was quite tedious, which is why the project took so long and had it's imperfections in the end. Instead of using just paper, I wrapped pieces of the magazines around cut cardboard, which often ended up being different thicknesses due to what cardboard I had in the house. Additionally, holding all the strips together as I worked was a challenge as well.  During the process, I was using pins pushed into my fiberboard work surface, but even by the end I realized I needed a full thickness solid frame to keep each strip as parallel and rigid as possible.  Originally, I had envisioned an epoxy coating that would harden the paper in place, but for constraints I settled on multiple layers of spray enamel coating to hold it all together and protect paper.
